album think about the 2 me it took me I was
then together twice but and then
There had been no previous years
notice but did it alone seen but you
they had warned you in those meetings
no one did here
alerted others there is one who has come
on three days 4 and said these go
on the past, however, gathering the faeces
not being able to last year was given 100
EUR
the chickens sold me anyway
they gave 100 euros for the question of
grazing premium managed large dog dogs
big if I have to take a dog
admit it with sheep and then I have to
watching the dog in how much
but sheep knows if someone passes by asks
a person a tourist said he was a sea
hand with the sheep that I then have to stay
close to the core to watch the
load and no music people are
always the same problems and therefore you are
you also alert yourself to nothing but
alert service so nothing is
always be small to it both and
night closes the terminal too
the origin also happens goats cows
and we should be sure there is hope
as long as you don't have anyone out
this address because it remains
behind the finish here is pretty clean
the Basque or not it is all so to which not
it's clean that I can't go to
trulli I can no longer complain
where there are also abandoned there either
the last one took me launay pini there
where is that pianola and yes because the
slowly the plateau a nice plateau yes though
you have to see inside what is there because
me took the last flight there
understand this is the best area then
behind 4 of the clean and there will be less
beasts then by force this year you have
minus no for this year we put up
what what what we had
is what if you ca n't feed and feed me
decreased as well as dealing with her
opening just can't go to
vote and then down in the woods but also
get off first
first we must see if there is a yes
Surface worse amendola so principals
up with less animals
otherwise as no problem animals that
door damage comes from there more than anyone
why not but then why must he be alone
here in the clean and leave all the grass
the ship nor more and more if it will unfold
increasingly dirty for more and more year
wolves
second well I think the degradation of the
mountain but what because it is necessary
leaving it already is a life and a life
poor and then bush advances is if not
yes ok, school crushes that is lost
even the clean and closes closes yes
they say they help the mountain that
problem these years have made the
companion garden certain that the plants will
they want where they are if they are needed
plants however it is to keep here because the
cook the water you want us tyrant you want
the wolf does it is not true that he should not
be so but I don't know if it was necessary to
handle it first
from there a weak zone there are the wolves
we know there are wolves you pay
what is to be paid the damages that that
ago, however, they are not and scatter
everywhere we give him an area but they leave
it's interlude hole in their area yes
they make out